"must provide sensible defaults" (#432)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

protocol and path, Avoid for properties avoided during selection, and Ignore for
all other properties.

An implementation of this interface must provide sensible defaults for Selection
Properties. The recommended default values for each property below represent a
configuration that can be implemented over TCP. If these default values are used
and TCP is not supported by a TAPS implementation, then an application using the
default set of Properties might not succeed in establishing a connection. Using
the same default values for independent TAPS implementations can be beneficical

> when application are ported between the different implementation, even if the

Reviewer: /the different implementation/different implementations/

> default could let to a connection failure, as, for example, applications need

Reviewer: /let to/lead to/

explicitly be designed to also support a connectionless mode. In this case the
application can regonized the failure and explicitly specify a different set of
Protocol Selection Properties that result in a usable protocol. If other default
values than recommended below are used, it is recommended to document that well
for application use.

> 

Reviewer: /for application use/ - seems awkward.

... Another aspect we did not speak about concerns the ability to provide examples of usage. If the defaults are common between systems, then common example methods and tutorials and libraries can rely on using the default Selection Properties.

Author: Not sure what you mean which concerns you mean in "the ability to provide examples"...? Can you further explain or provide a text proposal?

all other properties.

An implementation of this interface must provide sensible defaults for Selection
Properties. The recommended default values for each property below represent a
configuration that can be implemented over TCP. If these default values are used

> and TCP is not supported by a TAPS implementation, then an application using the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and TCP is not supported by a Transport Services implementation, then an application using the
```

default set of Properties might not succeed in establishing a connection. Using

> the same default values for independent TAPS implementations can be beneficical

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the same default values for independent Transport Services implementations can be beneficical
```

when application are ported between different implementation, even if the
default could lead to a connection failure, as, for example, applications need
explicitly be designed to also support a connectionless mode. In this case the

> application can regonized the failure and explicitly specify a different set of

Reviewer: /can recognized/can recognize/
